{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14680\viewh14360\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
===========================================\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 	      	 Polygon: a techno-square font\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 		 \'a9  Robert A. Paauwe\
\
		 free for personal use only\
		 commercial license available\
\
===========================================\
\
  
\b       		 www.Ax38.org\
		 r.a.paauwe@ax38.org
\b0 \
\
===========================================\
	Terms of Use / End-User License Agreement\
===========================================\
\
Upon downloading this font the user bound to abide \
the Free Font Terms of Use/Free Font End-User \
License Agreement (TOU/EULA) as defined below. \
These rights are specific to free download and usage \
of this font, i.e. a Personal Use License Agreement.\
\
===========================================\
		Free Font Terms of Use\
	Free Font End-User License Agreement\
===========================================\
\
[1] This font is free for personal use and may not\
be used commercially*. Please read the entire \
TOU/EULA. For further questions, comments, or \
information, contact Robert A. Paauwe at\
r.a.paauwe@ax38.org.\
\
\
*Commercial licenses are available, please contact\
Robert A. Paauwe contact via email at \
r.a.paauwe@ax38.org. \
\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
[2] The distribution of this font for financial gain or \
profit is not permitted under any circumstances and is \
strictly prohibited. Do not add this font to a font CD or \
compilation and/or archive that is sold for profit. \
\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
[3] This font file must be kept intact as downloaded. \
Do not edit, alter or modify the font file under any \
circumstance. This prohibits and includes but is \
not limited to, renaming this font file, as well as the \
creating derivative fonts from this font file or any \
other possible digital representations.\
\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
[4] Redistribution of this font is permitted only if it is \
free of charge, if this readme is included with the \
font file itself, as well as the mentioning of the \
following name, email address, and webpage:\
\
Robert A. Paauwe\
www.ax38.org\
r.a.paauwe@ax38.org\
\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
[5] Upon downloading this font, the user accepts all liability and \
sole responsibility for the font file and any accompanying files \
therein. Robert A. Paauwe is not responsible or liable for any \
damages, loss or other consequences incurred as a result of\
downloading this font, or otherwise relating or associated with \
the download. }